No way.
Whatever. I just need
to get to the camp on time.
What are you doing?
Well… I guess… I'm lost?
Are you from out of town?
Is that fun?
I'm just playing to kill time.
Do you play volleyball?
Those are volleyball shoes.
I'm in the volleyball club too.
I'm Shoyo Hinata.
Kenma Kozume.
Do you like volleyball?
Just okay.
It just happens that I'm playing it.
Although I don't hate it,
I don't like being tired.
But my friend plays.
If I don't play,
I think it will trouble him.
If you like it,
it's even more fun to play.
It doesn't matter.
I won't play after I graduate.
Kenma, wake up!
Everyone's gone for breakfast.
Come on. Wake up.
Wake up!
Good morning!
The day has finally come!
I'm so excited!
FROM HINATA
Is that from Chibi-chan?
He could easily send a message
to an opponent he's about to face.
What an interesting guy.
I'm sure Chibi-chan
will go all out to beat you.
It's only natural
that he wants to win the tournament.
I'm not talking about the match.
I'm talking about you.
I don't get it.
SENT
KAKESU INN
FROM KENMA KOZUME: THAT'S RIGHT
Even if Kenma loses,
he probably wouldn't think much of it.
But I have to beat him!
MAIN TITLE
COURT A: NEKOMA VS KARASUNO
Mr. Nekomata,
the dumpster battle is about to begin.
But we didn't come here
so that we could play Karasuno.
It's just that more people
are looking forward to this game.
That includes me.
- Let's go!
- All right!
JAPAN VOLLEYBALL
These kids don't know
about our rivalry back then.
Mr. Nekomata.
Let's have a good game today.
We're ready to win.
I accept your challenge.
Well, if it isn't the Karasuno team,
the diving experts.
We've got you guys to thank.
FLY
You've come to watch the games
two days in a row.
You said otherwise, but you came
to cheer for Nekoma, didn't you?
No!
I came to watch Nekoma lose!
You're not being honest.
TOKYO METROPOLITAN NEKOMA HIGH SCHOOL
I'm serious.
Let's have a good game!
Let's get fired up!
We can't let them beat us in cheering!
Go, go, Nekoma!
Push it, push it, Nekoma!
FLY
Go, go, Nekoma!
Push it, push it, Nekoma!
I'm so jealous.
I want to play Karasuno and Nekoma too.
Yes.
Yamamoto, you can do it!
All eyes on me!
As expected of Tokyo's home team,
the cheerleaders are amazing.
Who cares if they're the home team?
Come on, Kenma.
Let's stop that dynamic duo.
After all, it's toughest
when our defense gets breached.
Kenma has almost no interest
in winning the game.
Words like that don't motivate him.
He only analyzes
whether it's possible or not.
Will it be possible or not?
I have no idea.
All right. Let's do our chant.
We are plasma.
Let's make our motions fluid.
Keep the oxygen flowing,
so the brain can work
to its full potential.
Let's devour our opponents!
Let's go!
Let me introduce
the starting members of each team.
First up is Karasuno High School,
who defeated a front-runner,
Inarizaki High, yesterday.
Number 1 is the captain,
the pillar of Karasuno,
- the wing spiker, Daichi Sawamura.
- Make some noise!
Number 3 is the wing spiker,
the ace of Karasuno, Asahi Azumane.
Number 5 is Ryunosuke Tanaka,
a junior wing spiker
who is rapidly improving
in this tournament.
Number 9 is Tobio Kageyama,
a freshman setter
who's gaining a lot of attention.
Number 10 is also interesting.
He is the shortest middle blocker
in the tournament, Shoyo Hinata.
Number 11 is the team's tallest blocker,
the middle blocker, Kei Tsukishima.
The libero is Number 4,
the Guardian Deity
and the mood maker, Yu Nishinoya.
Their team leader is Coach Ittetsu Takeda.
Since Coach Takeda
has no volleyball experience,
the actual coach is Coach Keishin Ukai.
A FATEFUL SHOWDOWN
SPRING TOURNAMENT, ROUND 3
That's my grandson.
Amazing!
He's so young.
You two look alike.
MR. IKKEI UKAI
CONNECT
Next up is Nekoma High School.
Number 1 is the captain, Tetsuro Kuroo.
He's an all-around middle blocker.
Number 2 is stable
in both offense and defense,
the calm senior wing spiker, Nobuyuki Kai.
Number 4 is the junior ace,
Taketora Yamamoto.
He's Nekoma's main powerhouse.
- Shut up, Tora.
- Number 5 is the "brain" of Nekoma,
the setter, Kenma Kozume.
He's shown us a lot of amazing plays
in this tournament.
Number 6's ever-changing tactic
is creating a buzz.
A junior wing spiker, Shohei Fukunaga.
Number 11's huge body and ball sense
are slowly making him Nekoma's ace.
- A freshman middle blocker,
- Please toss the ball to me!
Lev Haiba.
- Are you stupid?
- The libero is Number 3,
Nekoma's defensive ace, Morisuke Yaku.
Their team leader
is Coach Yasufumi Nekomata.
That's Master's rival, right?
It's Coach Bakeneko.
No, it's Coach Nekomata.
Master, don't you want to join
this tournament too?
It's not like that.
Although my name isn't
in the Spring Tournament brochure,
my disciple is there.
My kin is also there.
I have no regrets.
This match belongs to these kids now.
But we didn't get this far on our own.
All of them clearly know this.
So, enjoy the game, Grandpa.
Got it!
- It's up!
- Nice receive!
Follow up, please!
That's way too strong!
Chance ball!
Left!
I'll surprise you with my spike!
Taketora, nice receive!
It flew too far.
Nice receive!
Lately, I've been thinking.
About what?
You're so fun to play against, Shoyo.
So, I want to face you guys
in a real match.
A match where losing means
an instant game over.
Let's do it.
- He's so strong!
- All right!
He's so fast!
Let's play a game
with no second chances, Kenma!
Let's go wild!
HOTEL MATATABI
Ever since Shoyo entered
the nationals, he's changed.
He might not use his skills
right from the start.
But he's still super fast.
I agree.
Chibi-chan is gradually using
the minus tempo attack as a decoy.
The last practice match we had with them
was last October, right?
You mean he's evolved since then?
You've got to be kidding me.
He will try to bait us with it
as if it's a cat teaser.
Looks like someone on our side
has evolved too.
Synchronized attack!
One-touch!
Nice touch!
Cover!
Synchronized attack…
All!
All five of them are attacking?
Kuroo! Kuroo! Great play!
This guy…
- Nekoma also did a synchronized attack.
- Shake it off!
Cats versus crows.
They're both omnivores.
Actually, real cats are carnivores.
I see.
This is the first time we're doing
a five-man synchronized attack on Nekoma.
I didn't expect Kuroo to keep up.
After all, Kuroo
is the master of Tsukishima,
the tenacious blocker.
The reason we broke through was because
your hand went straight up again, right?
I told you to put your hand forward,
Nobukatsu-kun.
Are you handing out advice?
You're as carefree as ever.
No, I just want to pick a fight.
Don't lose, Tsukki!
- Counterattack!
- Kuroo,
you said something
to piss Tsukishima off again, didn't you?
NEKOMA: 7, KARASUNO: 7
Nice serve!
Front!
Left!
It's Small Fry's receive.
- It's going over the net.
- Push it over, Hinata!
Got it!
That was loud.
Yu, you get better every time we meet.
Thank you, Morisuke!
He used to crash down
with the ball until recently.
I know it's natural,
but they're a different team
from the first practice match.
How scary.
That's how omnivores are.
They grow by eating bigger opponents
than themselves.
Now, how do we win?
NEKOMA: 8, KARASUNO: 9
Go!
Chance ball!
It's coming back!
- Amazing!
- Keep it up!
Okay.
These guys are different from before.
We have to do what we always do.
Feel them out and adapt.
Then, see through them.
Left!
That was so cool!
I wonder how many spikes
we'll have to do today.
Go, Tsukishima! Don't lose to Kuroo!
- Don't lose to him!
- Suga's all fired up again today.
You hear me, Tsukishima?
- He doesn't look it, but he's excited.
- Hey, Tsukishima! You hear me?
I can't do it.
He's on the court now.
I never thought of beating
anyone stronger than me.
There's no way I can beat you, Kuroo.
I've never had any thoughts
that I could beat you on my own.
But it looks like
he's trying to beat us on his own?
You're right.
He's the guy who surpassed me, after all.
Yamaguchi, nice serve!
- Bring it on.
- Come at us!
Got it!
Great shot!
- All right!
- That was awesome!
The ball just twisted, didn't it?
That was a nice serve.
It was right in front of you,
but it floated again, didn't it?
Shake it off.
Tadashi, you're all grown up.
That's my boy.
It's not like he's your son.
Do it again!
The same trick won't work on Nekoma!
Nice receive!
That's more than enough.
I told you to put your hand forward,
Justin Clubb.
All right!
Did you see our Tsukki?
Tsukishima isn't on our team, Bokuto.
Nice block!
Your serve was great too.
- It's all your fault!
- Ouch!
What are you talking about?
That was all Tsukki!
That height was higher than expected.
The guy that's full of surprises.
Tsukki, how's volleyball
been for you lately?
Thanks to you,
it's rare, but I'm starting to enjoy it.
I never thought I'd hear Tsukki say that.
Kenma, you should learn from him.
Yamaguchi, one more time!
- Nice receive!
- Right!
All right!
NEKOMA: 9, KARASUNO: 12
Dammit!
You should feel great about just now.
But I understand your feeling
of wanting to score more points.
All right! It's my turn!
Yamamoto, nice serve!
I'm sorry!
Chance ball!
It's too long!
Asahi!
All right!
We have a chance
as long as we touch the ball.
Don't bother doing an A-pass
if it's going over the net.
Sorry!
You can't call it an A-pass
if it goes over the net.
You're right.
I get it, okay?
Kageyama is amazing!
Your pass doesn't have to be near the net.
Just make sure it's over the attack line.
He's acting all cool.
Kenma, did you hear that?
He said something really cool.
I heard it.
But that's their business.
It has nothing to do with us.
What are you, our mom?
- We don't have to fight over everything.
- Hinata, nice serve!
Fukunaga!
Setter!
- Got it!
- Please!
It's actually the other side?
Nice kill!
Wait, are you kidding me?
That was close. They almost got it.
That was so close.
Just when you think you're going to score,
they send it right back at us.
Nekoma does that a lot, so be careful.
Kageyama jumped to the right just now,
but he tossed the ball
to the left so cleanly.
Yes.
And the spiker predicted
that he would do that.
That was amazing.
Out of fear comes interest and respect.
Excitement and respect
stem from strong opponents in a showdown.
That's great.
But he's the only one
who's slightly different.
- It's a fateful showdown of skills.
- Bring it on!
If we lose, the seniors will retire.
I don't think
he's interested in any of that.
All he's thinking about
is how to snap the crows' wings.
Asahi!
How much more attacking power
can Karasuno unleash?
But it's looking good.
For which team? Nekoma?
They're behind right now though.
NEKOMA: 17, KARASUNO: 20
It's common for Nekoma
to be behind in the first set.
But during that time, they prioritize
studying the opponent's attacks.
Then they slowly catch up
in the second half.
That's Nekoma's style.
But this time,
against a powerful opponent,
they have a tight grip on Karasuno
right from the start.
I think Nekoma has the advantage
in this situation.
Daichi!
- It's too long!
- Kageyama, go for it!
Block him, Lev!
Go, Lev!
Although you're no match for him
technique-wise,
at least use your height
and momentum to stop him!
Kenma!
He moved so fast!
All right!
Lev!
Score!
That was a bit low.
I know.
Kozume, you…
You can move too.
Well, I'm alive after all.
Kenma, you're just as good as Kageyama.
What did you say?
Are you that pissed?
Grouping me up with such a diligent guy
is rude to him.
But when I see extraordinary techniques,
I feel like the things I can do
get updated as well.
But just like us, there's no way
they'll be the same as before.
NEKOMA: 20, KARASUNO: 21
Nice serve!
Got it!
Nice receive!
Of course, you'd get that, you dumbass!
Left!
Hinata's receiving isn't a hole
in our defense anymore!
Three players came to block me!
Don't just stand there and be satisfied
just because you bumped the ball!
I know that!
NEKOMA: 25, KARASUNO: 25
Center!
One-touch!
- Fukunaga!
- Left!
- Kageyama!
- Sorry, please follow up!
- Left!
- Asahi!
Hey.
It's only the first set.
Everyone's hustling.
- Sorry, that was too hard.
- I could feel it breaking.
Kenma, it's all yours!
- That was so cool!
- All right!
No!
A reach over foul.
He pretended to dump the ball
and baited the blockers to commit a foul.
I think I'm pretty good at that.
Just one more point!
NEKOMA: 26, KARASUNO: 25
Nice receive!
Go!
Synchronized attack!
This technique again?
Got it!
Chance ball!
Karasuno chooses
to go for a synchronized attack.
Don't let Nekoma's block fool you.
Last ball!
They have no choice but to toss it back!
Chance ball!
It's coming back!
One more time!
Securing approach distance.
We got this!
What the heck happened?
Karasuno was staring at each other
on the court!
Karasuno lost the first set.
Nekoma takes the first set!
NEKOMA: 27, KARASUNO: 25
But even if that was a mistake,
Kozume's return was aimed
at a perfect seam between the spikers
when they were about to go on an offense.
It was in Kageyama's path
as he ran forward to set the ball.
It was also a spot
where the other players crossed paths.
What's more amazing is that he aimed
at the opposite side of the libero.
Karasuno is more aggressive at attacking
compared to other schools.
They made that mistake just now
because they were too eager to attack.
Their strength became their weakness.
Or should I say,
Kozume took advantage of their strength?
Everyone from Karasuno
has turned into Shoyo.
I hope Chibi-chan stays
forever energetic like now.
What the heck?
People often question
why I was selected to play.
I'm not particularly good at sports.
Then, let me ask you.
Is your school strong?
Strong?
I heard it used to be strong,
but it declined.
But lately,
I think we're very strong.
Which school are you from?
Kenma!
It's Kuroo.
- Well, I'm off.
- Kenma!
See you, Shoyo.
"See you"?
That's unusual.
You don't know him, do you?
I've never seen
you speak so kindly to a stranger.
That's because…
I wonder why.
Go, go, Nekoma!
Karasuno is under a lot of pressure.
Yes.
It would be great if we could score
with a powerful service ace.
We haven't been able to do that yet.
Whoever can do a service ace,
please go ahead.
Yes.
"Whoever wants extra side dishes,
please go ahead."
That's saying the same thing.
Remember what you said, Kuroo?
There's no perfect strategy
for any kind of play.
Let's say Shoyo can score ten points
on a regular basis.
We just need to keep him
from scoring two or three points.
Kenma is more proactive today.
NEKOMA: 0, KARASUNO: 0
Switch gears and begin the counterattack!
Bring it on!
Is it aimed at Number 10 again?
Got it!
He can't attack like this.
They're purposely letting Hinata receive
to shut down the quick attack.
Wow, he slid.
A slide attack.
Nice play, Hinata!
He didn't have to
let Shoyo attack just now.
But…
Don't dream of stopping
a quick attack with that.
- The shot was too easy to bump.
- It seems so.
But I think that was a good one.
Shoyo.
Keep being interesting.
Let's score again!
What's wrong, Hinata?
NEKOMA: 0, KARASUNO: 1
If they take another set, it's over.
- Nice receive!
- "What if we lose?"
You can't think of such things
that would dampen your spirits.
That's how you use
"dampen your spirits", right?
That's right.
Don't think about the future.
Look at the present.
See how much stronger we've become.
All right!
Nice judgment call.
Bokuto, you're too intimidating.
- Sorry for that.
- It's okay.
You reminded me of something
I'd never thought of before.
It was a revelation.
NEKOMA: 6, KARASUNO: 7
The persistent Nekoma team
is behind by one point again.
NEKOMA: 1, KARASUNO: 0
They were in the lead initially, right?
How did they lose the first set
when I came back from the toilet?
Yes.
- That's hilarious.
- Why don't you watch on your tablet?
That serve was a little short.
And it looked like
he was aiming for Hinata.
Nekoma as opponents?
I'd never want to play against them.
But it's a good game to watch.
It's up again!
They just won't let their opponents score.
Karasuno's in dire straits.
They must be frustrated
that they can't score.
They must be really annoyed now.
It must be tough, right?
It must be tough.
You guys can do it!
Not that I care.
Karasuno launches
another synchronized attack.
Hinata has sprinted up the middle!
From behind, Azumane suddenly
launched a back-row attack!
But the opponent is still fighting
and refuses to give up.
Nekoma is really persistent.
He makes it sound like
only cats are persistent.
Nekoma is persistent on defense.
Karasuno is persistent on offense.
It's annoying that they attack
synchronously every time.
One is in the sky
and another is on the ground.
Both are equally persistent.
- Does he get it?
- Tendo is so strict with the announcers.
But in order to dominate the air,
the crows have to keep jumping.
It's more tiring in comparison.
I'm sure the cats know that too.
This is it.
It's time to drag the crows to the ground.
Chance ball!
Synchronized attack!
Sometimes,
the path that seems the most tiring
is actually the easiest choice.
- That was so cool!
- Did you see that?
That's why I hate them.
NEKOMA: 6, KARASUNO: 8
What set is it now?
I think it's already the fifth set.
It's the fifth set, right?
It's only the first half
of the second set!
There's plenty of game time!
We still have a long way to go.
Get out of the way! It's so hot!
Dammit, how many times
will they do synchronized attacks?
Who do you think we're up against?
It's Karasuno, after all.
Don't worry.
They're starting to get tired.
Their stamina isn't unlimited.
Well, neither are ours.
Kenma.
Stop. Please don't say that line.
- Let's show them our mettle!
- Get lost!
Looks like they're still energetic.
Tsukishima, nice serve!
Fukunaga, front!
Chance ball!
Go! A slide attack!
All right!
What?
Hinata, you got scared of me, right?
What? I didn't!
Lev.
You did. Just take it easy, you dumbass!
I'll get the next one!
Pass the ball to me, Kageyama!
NEKOMA: 12, KARASUNO: 15
- They aimed for the front again!
- Yes!
But the libero, Nishinoya, bumped it!
Go!
That's a strong straight ball!
- It's up again!
- Sho hasn't been able to score.
Cover!
Nice cover!
Karasuno bumped it,
but their formation is off!
A little off-positioning
won't affect them--
All right!
Nice play, nice play, Haiba!
Do that again!
They're so strong.
They saw through it.
They used a triple block on Hinata.
They're catching up little by little.
NEKOMA: 13, KARASUNO: 15
Lev.
When Karasuno attacks,
if Shoyo can get a good run-up,
all three of us go to block him.
I think it's about time.
How did you know to mark Hinata just now?
Kenma, you're scary.
You can tell that Shoyo's spikes
are minimal today, right?
Yes.
Do you mean when our serves
were aimed at Hinata?
That's not all.
Not only did he let Shoyo receive,
but he also made use of me.
At the beginning of the set,
Shoyo received the serve himself
and followed up with a slide attack.
But when we were
in the same rotation just now,
he forced me to dig the ball
in that position
and blocked Shoyo's run-up to the right.
At first, I thought
it was just a coincidence.
But now, I'm sure it was intentional.
They're totally targeting Hinata.
Shoyo loves to jump, but he can't jump.
I'm sure he's starting to get frustrated.
The overly strong spike that went out
of bounds just now made me more certain.
A setter doesn't want a spiker to dwell
on a mistake for too long.
That's why I figured he'd toss it to Shoyo
if he had the chance.
Kenma is so scary.
- Yes, he is.
- Scary.
It's good to have some success.
I've said this many times.
No attack can be completely shut down.
We just need to reduce the number of shots
that Karasuno can score.
If we keep piling up
small stressors like this,
they might make a mistake.
It's good enough if it causes them
to lose two or three points.
First, his points, then, his path.
I'm going to cut off Shoyo's path.
His approach is his wings.
Kenma.
What? Did you faint from hunger?
The lady just gave me shrimp crackers.
Want some?
Clearing the game
is sadder than game over.
Let's go!
- Let's go!
- Kageyama!
Nice serve! Let's score again!
Left!
All right!
Asahi, nice kill!
Shake it off.
As long as we can get in the way
of the strongest decoy,
our blocks will be a lot easier.
Even if we can't get Shoyo
to receive our serves
or block his space for an approach,
making him hesitate will be enough.
"Should I bump it?
Or should I let someone behind
or beside me do it?"
Shoyo is very conscious
of receiving serves right now.
One-touch!
I've never felt this small
of a presence from Chibi-chan.
Shoyo tries his best at everything,
be it receiving or securing
approach distance.
- Chance ball!
- But hard work doesn't solve everything.
Don't forget about me!
All right!
Nice kill, Haiba!
They used a back-row attack?
It's Lev, after all.
Keep it in mind and switch gears.
All right, one more time.
Out!
Yes!
NEKOMA: 16, KARASUNO: 18
Dammit!
Hinata went to the back row
without getting a single point.
Hinata, nice serve!
Amazing. That took me by surprise.
All right!
You're so fun to play against, Shoyo.
Let's get this point!
Nice receive!
Let's play a game with no second chances!
All right, let's go!
I'm just playing to kill time.
It was just okay, I guess.
Keep being interesting.
Shoyo!
- You're up next.
- Okay!
All right, cheer up!
Wow, this is interesting.
Wouldn't such a lively scene be a waste
if the game ended in the second set?
NEKOMA: 21, KARASUNO: 21
Fukunaga!
- Nice receive!
- All right!
The setter retreated.
All five are attacking?
This way, I can secure
my approach distance.
His high-speed mobility…
Securing approach distance!
…can go toe-to-toe with
a 190 cm blocker's jumping power.
Dammit!
Securing approach distance!
He's useless if he's even one step behind.
His presence will be overshadowed.
It doesn't matter,
even if he uses 99% of his power.
It's over the net!
- Chance ball!
- Got it!
Securing approach distance…
Towards Shoyo
who can't jump to his fullest,
Kageyama won't be interested, will he?
Nice play, nice play, Haiba!
All right!
Why did that happen?
Everyone clearly tried so hard!
That was bad luck.
Why now, of all times?
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
I'm sorry.
It's all going
according to your plan, isn't it?
What's with that face?
You're the one who tore off his wings,
yet you look so sad.
Man, you're a handful.
Will it be risky?
Is it worth trying?
I mean, is Hinata usable right now?
Breaking down the wall
in front of the spiker…
That's what the setter is for.
I can't see your worth
without a setter like Kageyama.
KARASUNO HIGH SCHOOL
Hinata,
nice receive!
Keep it up. I'm leaving the rest to you.
Yes!
What's Number 10's role
on the black shirt team?
He's short, and his attacks
aren't scoring much.
Why did they put him in?
He was pretty active in the first set.
We're doing everything we can to stop
Number 10 from getting his way, okay?
Nice serve!
It hurts, doesn't it, Shoyo?
Kenma wants me to receive the ball,
so that I can't use my skills.
The more you think about it,
the more conflicted you get.
How can I receive the serves
and secure an approach distance?
Finding a shortcut to get rid
of your anxiety and frustration…
What should I do?
Is there a way to do that?
Keep getting conflicted about it.
Nice serve!
Front!
Receiving threw me into a cage.
Game over.
I guess this is it.
But even so,
I can't abandon either one of them.
If nobody digs the ball, we can't spike.
Once the ball hits the floor,
there'll be no more volleyball!
There's no shortcut to scoring!
Kageyama.
Be bold out there.
Okay. Thank you, Coach.
I have to pave the way for my spiker!
Four set!
There!
Fly!
A four set over the center?
The approach distance is good!
He purposely set the ball
high in the center.
We have three blockers.
It's different from a quick attack
coordinated with the setter.
A lot of people aren't good
at spiking high sets.
Besides, Shoyo has always
been good at superfast attacks.
I don't think he can get used to it.
I think you can jump higher.
The kind of jump I'm talking about
makes a sound
like you're kicking off the ground.
All right!
FLY
Nice kill, Shoyo! Do that again!
That was an intentional four set.
Shoyo's weapon is speed, though.
- Even if it was a high set,
- Your jump was higher than usual.
- he could still hit that?
- I'm learning to jump with a bang!
Did he just jump super high?
He flew up.
Your jump wasn't half bad.
Your toss just now was awesome!
I'm complimenting you!
IT WENT OVER OUR BLOCK
RIGHT, HIS HANG TIME IS DIFFERENT
SHOYO COULD EVEN HIT A FOUR SET ACCURATELY
IT'S DIFFERENT FROM OUR USUAL
"JUST CAUGHT UP TO HIM" BLOCKS
Right.
Magic attacks and projectile attacks…
If they get sealed off
and can't be effective,
we can just use physical attacks.
I guess I don't need to say anything.
Kageyama, nice serve!
Out!
That was close.
It's Inuoka!
It's that agile Number 7!
They're strengthening
their defense right away.
Both shields are fully equipped.
I'll do my best!
Their original defense
is already a headache.
Now, they made their front row
even taller.
How is that legal?
If they give Shoyo another four set,
we need to delay the timing of our block.
Yes!
Because Shoyo's hang time
is longer than ours.
Yes!
- Daichi!
- Captain!
Got it!
- Nice receive!
- They figured it out.
All right!
Center again!
Again?
We need to delay our timing.
Ready, go!
Back!
All right!
Hinata was aiming
for the fingertips, right?
Yes.
He's the type you hate the most
as a blocker!
What's going to happen next?
All right, just one more point!
NEKOMA: 24, KARASUNO: 25
Hinata, nice serve!
Front!
Is Kuroo going to move up?
No!
One-touch!
Chance ball!
Synchronized attack, all!
One-touch!
Chance ball!
Synchronized attack!
I knew it.
Shoyo keeps getting new updates
as the battle goes on.
Back!
Nice shot, Shoyo!
NEKOMA: 24, KARASUNO: 26
Dammit, my straight was perfect.
That was a good one.
What's with your Number 10?
I don't know what you want.
Akane, we still have a final set!
I know, but it's frustrating.
I know it doesn't make sense,
but it's so frustrating!
I can't believe
they scored with a receive.
It's one set to one set now.
But actually, the team that won
the second set has the advantage.
On top of that,
their Number 10 came back to life.
I didn't think Kageyama
would be interested in Shoyo
without his fullest jump.
But he managed to make
Shoyo jump to his fullest.
They're a pair of devils.
Don't get cocky
just because it happened once.
Why can't you praise me once in a while?
You were self-conflicted just now,
weren't you?
Let's crush them with sheer momentum!
I'll make sure I score 20 points.
I'll leave the remaining five points
to you guys.
Did you know?
When you're working out,
instead of doing 100 normal sit-ups,
it's better to do ten sit-ups
with extra weight.
What are you talking about?
Isn't it better to do more?
In other words…
Instead of scoring 20 normal points,
it's better
to score that weighted one point!
Nod.
Why are you nodding?
What's a weighted one point?
You'd better get those 20 points!
Did you hear?
Keep your head up!
That straight ball just now was amazing!
- When did you practice that?
- Thank you!
That's Kuroo for you.
Be careful of Chibi-chan's
spike timing of high sets.
What you did just now was good.
- I already said that.
- I see!
What's wrong?
I was just thinking
that you sure talk a lot.
What a sudden punch.
Kuroo is good at motivating people.
He's always been like that.
That was unfortunate.
Extend your arms like this.
If you hit it here, the ball will fly.
Why don't you find someone
who can play volleyball?
It's boring to play
with an amateur, right?
It's not boring at all!
You're a fast learner. You're smart.
Really?
Kuroo, who moved in next door, invited me.
That's how I got into volleyball.
Back then, I got carried away by
his compliments and got dragged into it.
Are you free this Saturday?
Are you here to watch?
Do you want to join in?
Here.
Darn it.
Here it comes.
You're good.
That one looks cooler.
Can you do that?
That's called a spike. Isn't it cool?
But I can't go high enough for a spike.
Then, just lower the net.
When you're starting out, the important
thing is the joy of achieving something.
What one likes, one will do well, right?
I spiked it!
It's such a small matter.
I can't help but think that Kuroo
will never forget this day.
Kenma, let's play volleyball!
Kenma! Kenma!
BRAZIL VERSUS AMERICA
Darn it!
Yes!
He shot a glance just now.
Did you see that?
He glanced to the right.
I thought he was going to toss it there,
but he tossed it to the left.
It stopped raining,
and I've watched enough.
Let's go play outside.
You're the one who brought it here, Kuroo.
The one we watched last week,
bring it here again.
Kenma, you really should be a setter.
Just like a strategist,
you're going to be so cool.
STRATEGIST
A strategist?
Besides, the setter
doesn't have to move much.
It's a popular position.
Say yes, will you?
What a big liar.
Hurry up.
The park is going to get occupied!
Tetsu.
Could you take Kenma out for soccer
once in a while?
But I don't think Kenma wants to go.
I understand the feeling
of not wanting to go.
Even if he's a little interested,
I would definitely take him there.
But he's not.
But if Kenma likes something,
he will give it his best shot.
So, don't worry.
I see.
If Kuroo could only hype things up,
I wouldn't have hung out with you.
Why do you keep criticizing me?
If I had a choice, I wouldn't sweat.
Sometimes, I just want to play video games
instead of training.
I'd rather watch games
than get on the court.
But…
The thought of "it's time for me to play"
is not something I hate.
- Everyone does whatever they want.
- Call me Straight Ball Taketora!
- Still good?
- One more time!
Go, go, Nekoma!
Push it, push it, Nekoma!
We've made it through the tough times.
Now, it's time for our reward.
I don't know what's going on,
but let's do it too!
This reward…
Which team does it belong to?
This is the final showdown!
KARASUNO HIGH SCHOOL BOYS' VOLLEYBALL CLUB
Left!
That was so cool!
You got a problem with that?
Bring it on! You think
you're some kind of big shot?
All right!
That's because I'm Nekoma's ace.
Front!
Nice receive!
Four set!
Center!
Ready, go!
Then I'll jump to the top before you do.
All right!
They figured a counter way too fast.
Dammit… He's so cool!
Number 3, your receives are truly amazing!
Nice receive!
All right!
I've been scared of you ever since,
Yu!
Will you come block for us?
I'm about to take a break.
Let's train some spikes again today.
Sorry, but I'll pass.
When you block,
avoid forcefully jumping on an angle.
If you have time,
stop and plant your feet.
Jump straight up.
Nice block! Chance ball!
One-touch!
Sorry!
I just don't get it.
How can you guys practice so hard?
Tsukki, quit trying so hard.
You keep going on like this.
Aren't you tired?
If you could stop trying,
it would be over in no time!
Tsukki is also the type to lose his mind
when he's exhausted.
Half of that is your fault and Bokuto's.
Thank you so much.
Same to you.
They say if you swallow a watermelon seed,
it'll sprout in your stomach.
- If you ignore it, it'll expand…
- I see. I'll be careful.
Did you know that Bokuto…
No, but I don't want to know.
- I'm Bokuto.
- I'm Kuroo.
Hey, hey!
Focus all your strength
on your fingertips.
- Don't let the ball get past you.
- In a one-on-one with a spiker,
you don't have to block directly
with your body.
- Just use your dominant hand.
- Listen up, kid.
Read blocking requires
patience and tenacity.
It's a block
that gives you the last laugh.
All right!
NEKOMA: 6, KARASUNO: 6
Shake it off!
Tsukki, your persistent blocking
is giving everyone a headache.
But this makes me feel so good,
that I know I've made the right choice.
Follow up!
Left!
Dammit, I can't beat him.
Center!
I can only fight him in front of the net.
Chance ball!
He's so scary.
Because it's scary…
Leave no room for hesitation.
Take the shortest distance,
right in the middle.
It's a battle of heights.
How's volleyball been for you lately?
NEKOMA: 6, KARASUNO: 7
Kenma!
Shoyo.
When we met on the street back then,
you said you didn't really fancy
playing volleyball, right?
Kageyama, one more nice serve!
Chance ball!
Cover!
Nice cover!
I feel that you two have a weird vibe.
Are you two rivals?
No, we're not.
We're just friends.
When it's our turn to serve,
switch with Lev.
Are you up for it, Tamahiko?
No, I'm not ready yet.
Maybe you're not.
I like your honesty.
The courage to say it out calmly
is your weapon.
- Go!
- Tamahiko, nice serve!
Letting a setter like me
to pinch serve at this time
means letting Kozume play until the end.
Normally, he'd be exhausted by now.
NEKOMA: 17, KARASUNO: 18
Nice serve!
- Got it!
- Thanks!
- Sorry!
- Azumane!
Ready, jump!
Oh, no.
It's going over the net.
They'll spike it. What do I do?
Bait a reach over foul?
Go for a rebound? Send it over?
Bring it on!
Feint?
They read it!
I can get it!
How do you feel about winning today?
I'm going to make you
use all your strength next time.
I'm going to make you say
"frustrated" or "interesting",
other than, "It was just okay."
Kenma, are you okay? Are you hurt?
I'm so happy.
NEKOMA: 17, KARASUNO: 20
FLY
CONNECT
Healing my low-HP characters
so that they can continue fighting.
Resurrecting dead characters
so that they can go back to battle.
From now on, I'll have more sympathy
for my characters when they are in battle.
But he let his characters get to low HP.
Don't worry.
Volleyball rarely kills.
FLY - CONNECT
Got it!
Synchronized attack, all!
One-touch!
Right now, I think I roughly know
what Shoyo is thinking.
When I control my dying characters
while fighting the last boss,
I often have
the same contradictory thought,
"Please don't die yet."
Left!
Kenma!
Not yet.
Nice receive!
All right!
NEKOMA
Kageyama, nice serve!
Taketora!
Kenma!
Idiot! Focus on the ball!
It hasn't hit the floor yet!
It's so painful and tiring.
Last ball!
But I don't want it to end.
Get it!
Sweat…
The ball slipped away because of sweat.
I can't believe it ended like this.
In that intense rally,
the ball was covered in the sweat
of every player who touched it.
That was amazing.
Tanaka, nice serve!
What?
NEKOMA: 21, KARASUNO: 25
It's over, you moron.
Whether we win
or lose,
no one will die or come back to life.
Without the meddling of an evil force,
the world won't end.
Instead of exploring a vast world,
we stay in this 9 x 18 m area,
just to desperately keep the ball
from hitting the floor.
I had so much fun.
Kuroo.
Thank you for teaching me
how to play volleyball.
Hey, wait up, you idiot!
Why are you mad?
Line up!
I swear I'm getting a fever
when I get home today.
I want to be on the court too.
But you did.
I mean, for real.
I want to play volleyball like that too.
Thank you for the game!
How did you dodge the block
so beautifully?
Yes! Wait, did I?
Make up your mind.
SHIRATORIZAWA ACADEMY
Tsutomu, if you were up against cats,
you'd probably be hitting home runs.
That's not true.
That Yo-kai Chibi knows
how to use four sets now.
I won't lose to him!
- Thank you, Tsukki.
- You were so awesome!
Thank you!
TOKYO, NEKOMA
We'll save the self-reflection for later.
It was a good game. Thank you.
Thank you very much!
NEKOMA - 1
KARASUNO - 2
It's over. I still can't believe it.
It's over,
but for these past three years,
I'm glad I could play with Kuroo and Yaku.
You've got to be kidding me, Kai!
Stop saying stuff like that!
What's with everyone?
Guys, lower me down a little.
I'm floating in the air.
You made it look like I hurt my leg again!
Kenma!
- Let's…
- Let's play again next time.
I was just about to say that!
What? Like I care!
Kenma, let's play again next year.
Let's.
Kenma, we're leaving.
Okay.
See you, Shoyo.
Yes, see you!
BY HARUICHI FURUDATE
SHUEISHA WEEKLY JUMP COMICS
The game at Court A
looks like it'll be over soon.
Yes.
Itachiyama is a front-runner
in this tournament, after all.
VENUE GUIDE MAP
Wow, he's even taller up close.
That guy used his rooster head
to lie about his height.
I can hear you.
Sorry, can you let us talk for a bit?
Sure, I'll go look at souvenirs.
Thank you.
LOSERS
Welcome to this side!
Someone take a picture of his face!
I want to show it to Mika!
There's no need to be discouraged.
Except for one team,
everyone's bound to lose.
The only difference is the timing.
It's not a big deal.
You don't actually believe
you can win the tournament, do you?
Indeed, only a handful of people
in this world believe
they can win with absolute certainty.
What the heck? Why aren't you angry?
I provoked you for nothing.
Whether you believe you can win or not
doesn't matter at all.
It's not like you'll quit playing
because of a loss.
We don't play solely
because we want to win.
Got that, you punks?
Watch what you say, Daisho.
I'm recording you.
Why did you come to pick a fight
and get angry yourself?
- Shut up! You idiots!
- Are you done talking?
Yes. When did you get back?
What do you want for lunch?
I feel like having omelet rice.
- That sounds nice.
- What's wrong with him?
He's an interesting guy.
There seems to be
a lot of good food around here.
"Indeed, only a handful of people
in this world believe
they can win with absolute certainty."
They might not believe per se,
but some are completely
dead set on winning.
CONGRATS, KARASUNO HIGH SCHOOL
KARASUNO HIGH SCHOOL
KAMOMEDAI: 25, TAKAGIYAMA: 22
Our opponent in the quarterfinals
is Kamomedai High School.
The quarterfinals…
Did you notice me because I'm short?
Being short
is disadvantageous for volleyball,
but never the main reason
for playing badly!
I watched your Round 2
and Round 3 matches.
You played well.
Who will be the present-day Little Giant?
Let's find out.